Double check a non-empty but not None value was provided to jsoc notify (#7342)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7342.trivial.rst

> `~sunpy.net.jsoc.attrs.Notify` checks for a valid input value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`~sunpy.net.jsoc.attrs.Notify` checks that a valid email address has been given as a value.
```
Does this have any other higher-level user facing behaviour that needs mentioning? e.g. if I forget to do a JSOC Fido search with an email address, does this now raise a more helpful error?
